it's time to play some sega dreamcast
worse see man we're rocking it
where is si man hey no seriously where
where is si man you released a Sega
Dreamcast collection without si man are
you kidding me that's like the best game
ever releasing a Dreamcast collection
without si man would be like releasing a
Nintendo collection without Mario this
needs more C man even lulala would agree
I'll get right to the point
the best part of this collection is
space channel 5 part 2 because it's the
one game serious Dreamcast fans like
myself might not own
take one
what the show's canceled so I'll get to
that later if you don't have a Dreamcast
and you did not have one back in the day
and you wonder what all the fuss is
about
and aren't interested in buying a
Dreamcast which you could because they
still work like a champ this is not a
bad place to start because it's
extremely affordable and comes with two
of the Dreamcast's flagship titles Sonic
Adventure and crazy text as of this
review both of those games are also
available as standalone downloadable
titles but you also get space channel 5
part 2 and Sega bass-fishing however you
don't get the Sega bass-fishing
controller which was a specific
controller design to replicate bass
fishing and frankly the game loses
almost all of its charm when played with
the Xbox 360 controller and there's so
many other games they could have chosen
instead like f355 challenge chu chu
rocket Shenmue Crazy Taxi - even the
Sega Dreamcast web browser
find it the fact is if you're a Sega fan
like me you've seen them put out better
collections before and this one seems
really subpar compared to others like
sonic's ultimate genesis collection for
instance which contained a massive pile
of Sega Genesis games it's not that the
games contained within the Dreamcast
collection are bad you just only get
four of them and odds are you already
have one of them which leaves
olala the hottest babe in videogames and
space channel 5 part 2 as the main
reason to I up this collection if you're
a Dreamcast fan I played the first one
years ago it was awesome and this one
does not disappoint it's pretty much
more of the same but it's space channel
killing enemies with your hips and a
laser gun love it I'm playing my way
through the full game and if you've
never played space channel 5 it's a
music game mixed with Simon Says it's
like a dance-off against aliens where
you mimic the button and movement
combinations with a very cool style and
the presentation in this collection is
terrific
oh no this guy's is taking it from the
Danskin you should be taken seriously
listen up
first our name get down we are known as
a rhythm Oh jiù jiù jiù you can't
anymore Jew to 254 some dancers hey hey
hey hey that's the trick
it's space channel 5 part 2 and Crazy
Taxi Sonic Adventure and Sega bass
fishing in the Dreamcast collection for
Xbox 360 this place is creeping with
danger this place should be creeping
with sea man come on
re-release sea man where have you been
check me out I do
for this long
the party's just begun